April Fools planning

Overview
	First, we begin with our party about to fight Lyon in their final fight to defeat the Demon King and end the spree of monsters on the continent.
	The first gag is your party, being made up of odd units.
	The second gag is that all the units have ill fitting S rank weapons they can use.
	The third gag is that there's an unpromoted base Norris there while everyone else is around 20/15.
	The map continues on with your odd party until you finish the map by killing Lyon.
	
	After the map finishes, Alan comes in to congratulate our new Lord, Radd on defeating the Demon King. But Norris betrays us and kills Alan!
	
	Norris's motivations are that he's sick of being inferior and he's decided to sacrifice his soul to the Demon King just so he can finally have his moment of glory, his moment where he isn't a joke or plain inferior.
	
	After Norris betrays you and kills Alan, the 2nd map begins.
	
	In this map, you have to deal with Sniper Norris but he has actual stats and a 1-5 range magic brave bow. There are also other monsters, but you can basically think of this map as a rip off of CQ endgame but with no arrow gimmick.
	
	Finally, after you kill Norris, we cut to a scene of Norris dying in Radd's arms. Radd tries to understand Norris's reasons (it was because he's failed at everything else he's tried to do in life) and then Norris dies in Radds arms.
	
	After all, this we cut to Roy, Alan and Salem in a room.
	
	What you've been reading was actually a novel written by Priscilla and narrated by Salem. 
	
	Salem is mildly amused at the story, Roy is wondering whether the last part was a confession or not and Alan is trying to figure if Priscilla wants him dead or not.
	
	Priscilla comes in, takes the book away, Salem goes after her to try and patch things up.
	
	Norris and Radd come in and wonder why Roy can't look at them in the eyes anymore.
	

2 maps needed
	First map where you fight against Lyon, the "final battle" - Basic one done
	The 2nd map for after Norris betrays you
	
Story

Lyon: ...you've come, Radd. You came after all. You were always the heroic one.

Radd: Lyon. Your wisdom always guided my blade. And if today I turn it against you, it is for the sake of the kind person I once knew.  

Lyon: You're right. I'm no longer a good person. I've killed more people than I can count. I've destroyed too many homes, uprooted so many families and plunged the continent into darkness. So please don't hesitate to strike me down, because I will show you no mercy.

Radd: I promise I won't. Lyon, I swear that today, I will save you.

Lyon: Thank you, old friend. 

Land of my birth, I too swear that today, I will save you. For Grado... (warps away)

Radd: We've come this far, everyone. We can do this!

Leila: For the man I loved and the nation I serve!
Subaki: I will deliver perfection even in the face of evil.
Minerva: We can best that husk of a man! Don't lose hope! 
Joshua: We'll win today, I bet. And I don't lose bets.
Dorcas: Natalie... this is for you.
Arvis: Hmph. Shed no tears for those weak enough to be led into injustice. 
Ewan: Master Saleh, can you see me!?
Etzel: Let's see if my spell-slinging arm is still as strong as it was.
Norris: Are you sure I can help?
Radd: Norris, we couldn't do this without you.

Characters
	Swordmaster Radd - Iron Sword, Steel Sword, Silver Sword, Binding Blade
	Archer Norris - Steel Bow, Longbow, Vulnerary
	Assassin Leila - Killing Edge, Durandal, Elixir
	Falcon Knight Subaki - Silver Lance, Spear, Audhulma
	Wyvern Lord Minerva - Silver Axe, Vidofnir, Delphi Shield
	Hero Joshua - Silver Sword, Wind Sword, Garm, Hoplon Guard
	Warrior Dorcas - Brave Axe, Tomahawk, Nidhogg
	Sage Arvis - Elfire, Physic, Ivaldi
	Summoner Ewan - Luna, Gleipnir, Recover
	Druid Etzel - Excalibur, Fimbulvetr, Fortify
	